what does the future of the passenger look like
railway transport learned in
Petersburg in the northern capital passed
presentation of new rolling stock on
Ritz carriage rated my colleague
Catherine onion made in Russia
new rolling stock pride
Tver Carriage Works
presented to domestic and foreign
railway workers wagon gauge
joint development of the Siemens company and
Russian designers can move
both on the railways of Europe and
our country maybe we ordered in 200
wagons possible and we bow to it
will ply the direction of Moscow
Helsinki also except Western Europe and
Moscow Helsinki is possible but it is
far distant but not so distant
a three four-year term is possible
cruising
of these wagon gauge cars and to china
Beijing
two-story long-distance passenger car
follow unique Russian
engineering development cost
about 50 5 million rubles
equipped with a special coupe and lifts
for people with disabilities
this car has a space frame
instead of spinal beams maximum
the number of people who can translate
at the same time they all have comfortable
4- seater compartment wagon 3 toilets
environmentally friendly closed ie
you can use them all the time
at the Tver plant plans to build
72 similar railroad cars
confident double deck compositions
the following will pay off in a short time and
passengers will be in demand because
such cars for Russia are not our novelty
plant back in 1908 on assignment
governments made such cars for
resettlement of peasant families in Siberia
I write about my non- Siberian lands and these
wagons nicknamed Stolypin though
became under the layer Stolypin car
always meant cars for
the transportation of the prisoner is not really
so it was a double-decker wagon first
floor was
equipped with transportation by them
Tories and cattle in the second, too, was imprisoned
already in the middle of this year and finish
certification tests
of the first 50 new cars will form
three full two-story composition
after a minor upgrade, we
Now the concept is defined with the Internet
message we will plan to hold
competition but already on the new mobile
composition we are already planning
cars will go out already with the Internet 1
double-decker train will go from Moscow to
adler
as for the rolling stock envelope
Ritz Federal Passenger Company
will purchase 200 similar wagons for more
comfortable travel international
the message